feat: add rust crate (#18)
catppuccin/palette: README.md

The usage instructions for Sass are documented [here](https://github.com/catppuccin/palette/tree/main/scss), in the `scss` folder.

### Rust

Add the crate to your `Cargo.toml`:

```bash
cargo add catppuccin
```

> More information and examples can be found on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/catppuccin), [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/catppuccin/1.0.2/catppuccin/),

Reviewer: I don't think the `docs.rs` link will automatically redirect when later versions of the crate are published?

If I remember correctly, it should be this?
```suggestion
More information and examples can be found on [crates.io](https://crates.io/crates/catppuccin), [docs.rs](https://docs.rs/catppuccin/latest/catppuccin/),
```

Author: absolutely right, well spotted!
